README.md, before:

Special thanks to @spyingcreeper09 for allowing me to build upon his repo! 
Check his repo out [here](https://github.com/spyingcreeper09/Minecraft-Protocol-Basic-Chat-Bot). Follow him too AND ME!!! :D
WARNING: This repository uses Mineflayer for the time being.

How To Run
1. Install Node.js - https://nodejs.org/en/download
2. Download this repository (or clone with `git clone https://github.com/SonicandTailsCD/Minecraft-Protocol-Basic-Chat-Bot.git`)
3. Extract the files to your directory of choice
4. Open a Command Prompt ("Terminal" on MacOS/Linux)
5. Navigate to the current directory (if you haven't already)
6. Run 'npm ci' or 'npm install' (any will do the same thing)
7. Once that has finished, run `node index.js [host] (optional: server port, bot name, version]. 
Note: Don't type in the server port if you don't know it - most likely it's the default (25565).)` in the terminal to start the script

Note 2: I recomend downloading some sort of code editor program. I use Visual Studio Code (or "VS Code" for short) - https://code.visualstudio.com/download

If you change the name of the main file, in this case `index.js`, then you need to adjust the command to be `node [updated file name].js` to start it. If you have any spaces in the file name, use double quotes to allow it to run. If you do not plan to use custom file names, just use node . [arguments] and you're good to go :)

Commit message:

ROBO IS GOING CLOSED-SOURCE!!!

README.md, after:

Special thanks to @spyingcreeper09 for allowing me to build upon his repo! 
Check his repo out [here](https://github.com/spyingcreeper09/Minecraft-Protocol-Basic-Chat-Bot). Follow him too AND ME!!! :D
WARNING: This repository uses Mineflayer for the time being.

**WARNING!!!** There are currently impersonators connecting to KaBOOM pretending to be me. For security reasons, I will be deleting this repository and recreating it as private, to prevent hackers from using Robo's code as if it was me. Some people will be automatically invited to collaborate.
There are vulnerabilities I've found that can allow anyone to control your computer and the bot because of outdated dependencies that Mineflayer requires. Please do not use Robo until there is a fix that depends on `punycode`, or if you're going to anyway, **AVOID KABOOM and chipmunk.land if Robo is already online!!!** 
From the point of this commit, you have exactly 30 minutes to download the source while you still can. Enjoy the final, open-source version of Robo, before Robo goes closed-source. :(

How To Run
1. Install Node.js - https://nodejs.org/en/download
2. Download this repository (or clone with `git clone https://github.com/SonicandTailsCD/Minecraft-Protocol-Basic-Chat-Bot.git`)
3. Extract the files to your directory of choice
4. Open a Command Prompt ("Terminal" on MacOS/Linux)
5. Navigate to the current directory (if you haven't already)
6. Run 'npm ci' or 'npm install' (any will do the same thing)
7. Once that has finished, run `node index.js [host] (optional: server port, bot name, version]. 
Note: Don't type in the server port if you don't know it - most likely it's the default (25565).)` in the terminal to start the script

Note 2: I recomend downloading some sort of code editor program. I use Visual Studio Code (or "VS Code" for short) - https://code.visualstudio.com/download

If you change the name of the main file, in this case `index.js`, then you need to adjust the command to be `node [updated file name].js` to start it. If you have any spaces in the file name, use double quotes to allow it to run. If you do not plan to use custom file names, just use node . [arguments] and you're good to go :)
